Use TextArea in MarkdownField By Default (#16189)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/releases/2.0.0.md

### Infrastructure

Prior to this release, if you had a module with multiple features, you had to use the `[Feature("your feature id")]` attribute to assign `IShapeTableProvider`, `IDataMigration`, and `IPermissionProvider` to a specific feature of the module that had a feature ID other than the module ID. With [pull-request 15793](https://github.com/OrchardCMS/OrchardCore/pull/15793), this is no longer needed. However, `[Feature("...")]` is still required for the `Startup` class and controllers when you want the controller action to be available only when a specific feature is enabled.

### Content Fields

> Before this release, the `MarkdownField` used a single-line input field and offered two different editors: TextArea and WYSIWYG. Now, by default, it uses a TextArea, and the MultiLine option has been removed since TextArea is now the standard editor.
> W

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before this release, the `MarkdownField` used a single-line input field by default (named the Standard editor) and offered two different editors: Multi-line with a simple `textarea` and WYSIWYG with a rich editor. Now, by default, it uses a `textarea` as the Standard editor, and the separate Multi-line option has been removed.

You have nothing to do, fields configured with the Standard or Multi-line editors previously will both continue to work. Note though, that their editors will now be a `textarea`.
```
